The Minotaur

You’re not going to make it. But you probably know that already. 
Do you hear that sound in the distance? The iron gate. They’re closing the gate, the only way in or out of this place. They’ve abandoned you. You won’t be able to get out now. They were just sure you weren’t going to survive the night. You could hear it in their voices, even as they promised that they’d wait for you until the last possible second. Liars. You saved them; you saved all of them. You killed the Minotaur. But they left you for dead and now you’re trapped in the Maze.
You walk back towards the gate anyway. Maybe someone will still be there and they will somehow be able to open the gate one more time.  Maybe the spell is broken now. Maybe the gate won’t really stay closed for seven more years. Maybe. Maybe. Maybe. Pathetic. You’re just lying to yourself as you whisper these things. You know that. But it keeps you going. You keep walking.
You follow the thread. She gave you the yarn. She said that you could use it to trace your path back and find your way out of the Maze. Said she’d wait for you. That she’d run away with you when all of this was done. When the Minotaur was dead. Liar.
How your head hurts. It throbs. You can barely think straight. Your bones ache and you’re so tired. When did you last sleep? You have no idea. You can only stumble and stagger as you walk. Your skin is slick with blood. Some of it is the Minotaur’s and some of it is yours. 
But you keep dragging the head behind you. 
The head. 
The Minotaur’s head. 
Most of the blood has drained out now and the trail of gore it leaves behind can hardly be seen any more in the dim torchlight of the Maze. You don’t notice the smell yet, but the drone of flies is already audible. 
You ask yourself why you still have it. You don’t know. You had hoped to show it to the King and to the others. You had wanted it as proof that the City no longer needed to surrender its youth up to the Maze. You had wanted to be a hero. But that was before the liars had closed the gate. Yet you still drag it along.  
How your head hurts. It thunders. You’re exhausted. You finally have to stop. You have to sit down, even if just for a few minutes. You find a spot to rest at a junction in the Maze. It could be anywhere. You have no idea where you are; you can only follow the thread back to the beginning. You let go of the head and stumble to the ground and sit. You have nothing to drink or eat. You stare into the distance. You don’t move at all. You don’t … do … anything. 
The buzz of flies gets louder. 
The buzz of flies. 
The buzz of lies. 
Time passes. You must have drifted off. Is it day or night? Inside the Maze, you can’t tell. You would have slept even longer.
But then you heard the voice. You woke up to the voice. 
It is still speaking to you. 
The head. 
The Minotaur’s head. 
The head is talking to you.
It hasn’t moved from where you left it, but the eyes are fixed on you. The bovine jaws open and close as the mouth, drooling, forces out the thick, almost unintelligible words. 
It tells you things. 
You dont have to bother with the gate because you know what you’ll find there they left you the cowards and liars left you and locked the door but you can stay here just turn back now go back to the center of the Maze go back to where you found me you know the place just follow the thread.
How your head hurts. It howls. You don’t know what to think any more. Why is that head even talking to you? You don’t know. You don’t like what it is saying but there’s no one else here to say anything different. And somewhere deep inside, you know that it might just be telling the truth.
But you think you have to see for yourself. You have to see whether the gate is really closed and whether there is any way out. You still hope. So, you finally get back up and start walking again. You drag the head behind you.
You walk and you walk and you walk. Who is to say how long you walk? The head keeps speaking to you. It keeps whispering secrets and suggestions and demands. Sometimes it seems reasonable and sometimes it acts like a sulking child and sometimes it roars like a beast. You whisper and you talk to yourself. You try to drown out the Minotaur’s voice. You tell yourself whatever you need to hear to keep walking and keep hoping. Liar.
And finally the gate is before you. It is closed. Just like you thought. Just like the head said it would be. You fall to your knees and let go of the Minotaur’s horn. There is not a soul in sight. The walls extend in either direction, featureless, windowless, blending in with the rest of the Maze. The spell is still intact. You are trapped in here for seven years.
What did you expect you should have seen this coming you see you were always going to die here either I kill you or they keep you locked in you were always supposed to die.
No. 
Yes they dont want you alive she doesnt want you alive you would only be a threat to her father the king so she leaves you in here you are dead to her you will soon be dead.
No. 
You get up. You scream. You rage. You shout. You pound your fist on the unyielding gate. You cry and you beg. Won’t someone please let you out? Please? You slide to the floor, your tears and your snot blend with the dust and the dirt and the blood. The whimpers rack your body as you lie there.
The head watches you. 
The head watches you.
The head watches you and your tears and your pleas. 
After some time, you begin to feel ashamed and you finally stop sobbing. You stare back at it. You look into its animal eyes, waiting to hear what it is going to say. Eventually, as you finally calm down, the Minotaur’s head clears its throat.
Now then are you listening are you listening to me do you want to hear what I have to say?
Yes.
Good the liars that put you here dont know what I know I know how to survive down here I know how to live here I lived here for years and I wasnt just eating the manflesh they put in here every seven years listen to me and do what I say and you will survive down here do you want that?
Yes.
And you do. 
You listen to the Minotaur’s head. It gives you instructions. It tells you its plans as something turns and twists inside of you. You don’t even notice the point in time when your head stop hurting. It tells you how to take your knife, the one that you had killed it with, and you pick up the head. You make an incision in the back of the neck and you peal back the flesh. You remove the skin from the cranium and you hollow out the fat. You pull and you tug at it until you get it just right. A mask.
And then you put the head on. You put it on your own head. It fits just right. Like it is supposed to be there. 
You stand up. 
It continues to whisper to you. The Minotaur’s head. Your head. 
You know what you need to do. You know where you’re going to find food. You know where you’re going to go. You know what you’re going to do in seven years. You know who you are now.
You are the Minotaur.
You stand up and you roar and you bellow and you walk back into the Maze. You no longer need the thread. You know where to go. You walk back to your home. 
Minotaur. 
You walk back into the Maze.
